There is a file called 03-Aliases.Spec.
Your job is to kinda take some of
the stuff that we're doing manually by
hand every time and just kinda get
comfortable using some aliases.
So in this case,
you will make an alias for
the filter input,
you'll type a search term in that filter.
You'll verify that only the items that
match that filter are shown on to
the page, right?
Or if you wanna try something else
like moving one from one to the other,
you can make an alias for
the patch, unpack list, click it,
whatever seems the most
interesting to you.
If you don't have something
you can think of, do this.
If there's something you
wanna just do on the page,
these are not the only places aliases will
work, you can do whichever one you want.
These are probably the ones
that review though